README.md, before:

## Hello Rails-React

A simple Hello application that combines react as it's front-end and Rails as it's backend in one repo

## Built With
- Ruby version 3.0.3
- RoR version 7.0.2
- Getting Started
- The project comes shipped with linters config for ruby, so ensure you have Rubocop installed in your local environment

- Ensure you have postgresql, nodejs, ruby and rails set up on your machine
## To get a local copy of the repository please run the following commands on your terminal:
- `git clone https://github.com/mckent05/hello-rails-react.git`
- run `bundle install to couple all dependacies in gem files`
- run `npm install` to couple all dependacies in package.json files
- run `rspec spec/models` to run application models unit tests
- rspec `spec/requests/api/v1` to run endpoint unit tests
- run `rails server -p 3000` to see React-Router working and `./bin/webpack-dev-server` enables auto-webpacking

## Author
👤 Akinlade Tope

- GitHub: @mckent05
- LinkedIn: Akinlade Temitope
## 🤝 Contributing
- Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

- Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support
- Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

📝 License
This project is MIT licensed

Commit message:

seeded database to add data

README.md, after:

## Hello Rails-React

A simple Hello application that combines react as it's front-end and Rails as it's backend in one repo

## Built With
- Ruby version 3.0.3
- RoR version 7.0.2
- Getting Started
- The project comes shipped with linters config for ruby, so ensure you have Rubocop installed in your local environment

- Ensure you have postgresql, nodejs, ruby and rails set up on your machine
## To get a local copy of the repository please run the following commands on your terminal:
- `git clone https://github.com/mckent05/hello-rails-react.git`
- run `bundle install to couple all dependacies in gem files`
- run `npm install` to couple all dependacies in package.json files
- run `rspec spec/models` to run application models unit tests
- rspec `spec/requests/api/v1` to run endpoint unit tests
- run `rails server -p 3000` to see React-Router working and `./bin/webpack-dev-server` enables auto-webpacking

## Database Creation

- Run `rails db:create` `rails db:migrate` `rails db:seed` to create and seed data intot the database

## Author
👤 Akinlade Tope

- GitHub: @mckent05
- LinkedIn: Akinlade Temitope
## 🤝 Contributing
- Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

- Feel free to check the issues page.

## Show your support
- Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

📝 License
This project is MIT licensed
